cephfs-mirror: synchronize directory snapshots (#37876)
ceph/ceph: doc/dev/cephfs-mirroring.rst

.. note:: Synchronizing hardlinks is not supported -- hardlinked files get synchronized
          as separate files.

Creating Users
--------------

Start by creating a user (on the primary/local cluster) for the mirror daemon. This user
has restrictive capabilities on the MDS and the OSD::

>   $ ceph auth get-or-create client.mirror mon 'allow r' mds 'allow r' osd 'allow rw' mgr 'allow r'

Reviewer: Why does it need `osd 'allow rw'`?

I would suggest just using `fs authorize` instead.

Author: mirror daemons need to create mirroring index object (`cephfs_mirror.<instance_id>`).

Author: That's the reason to not use `fs authorize` interface -- we need write permission to the data pool (for creating the index object) but have the filesystem read only.

Author: one more thing -- the user created here needs to be passed to the mirror daemon. `fs authorize` interface creates a user and grants permission to access a particular file system.

Reviewer: `osd 'allow rw tag cephfs *=*'`

Reviewer: `osd 'allow rw tag cephfs meta=*, allow r tag cephfs data=*'`

Author: nice to know. thx!

Author: > osd 'allow rw tag cephfs meta=*, allow r tag cephfs data=*'

works with `metadata=*`

Create a user for each filesystem peer (on the secondary/remote cluster). This user needs
to have full capabilities on the MDS (to take snapshots) and the OSDs::

>   $ ceph auth get-or-create client.mirror_remote mon 'allow r' mds 'allow rwps' osd 'allow rw' mgr 'allow r'

Reviewer: ditto

Author: We can use `fs authorize` for creating users for the remote cluster/filesystem.

This user should be used (as part of peer specification) when adding a peer.

Starting Mirror Daemon
----------------------

Right now, mirror daemons need to be spawned manually. This will be replaced by providing

> `systemctl(1)` command to start/stop mirror daemons. For now, use::

Reviewer: are the systemd units in this PR not usable currently?

Author: They can be use (but needs review) -- the doc needs updation. I'll push an update.

  }

Commands with `fs mirror status` prefix provide mirror status for mirror enabled

> filesystems. Note that `cephfs@360` is of format `filesystem-name@filesystem-id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file systems. Note that `cephfs@360` is of format `filesystem-name@filesystem-id`.
```
